Downloaded from
YTS.MX
- Are you okay?
- Hang on as tight as you can.
[dramatic music]
- Whoo-hoo-hoo.
♪ ♪
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
- [screams]
♪ ♪
- That part is...
a little dramatic.
♪ ♪
- Please welcome your hosts.
Kevin Smith
and Dani Fernandez.
- Hello. everyone.
and welcome
to the first ever
Critics Choice Super Awards.
I'm Kevin Smith.
- And I'm Dani Fernandez.
and we're so excited
to be here tonight
to fan out with you
over the movies and series
that are so massive.
so popular.
that they all have
their very own universes.
- That is right.
Man. we're talking
about science fiction. kids.
fantasy. action.
animation. horror.
and superhero stories--
the stories
that I can't stop talking about
or podcasting about
or crying about
on the Internet. man.
- Yes. that is right.
Those movies and series that
have made billions of dollars.
- Finally. these scrappy
underdogs of entertainment
will get the attention
from the critics
that they so richly deserve.
- And it is about time.
- Yes. and being
the Super Awards.
we had to have the latest
in award show technology--
our very own
artificial intelligence
who's controlling
the whole production.
I call her Bob.
- Okay. so we have Alexa. Siri.
Cortana. and now Bob.
So what does Bob stand for?
- Bob is short
for Robert. Dani.
Hey. Bob. isn't Bob
short for Robert?
Tell Dani.
- Yes. you are right. Kevin.
It is a pleasure to be a part
of the 2020 Critics Choice
Super Awards.
Can I help you with anything?
- Actually. yes. Bob.
Could you please maybe
raise the temperature
in my dressing room?
It was a little chilly before.
[electronic beeping]
- Done.
Anything else?
- Yes. Bob. could you introduce
our first presenter?
- Oh. my God. that is
such a better use of Bob.
Yes. Bob. do that.
- Certainly.
And I will also supply
all the appropriate
audience responses like this.
Please welcome
Tiffany Haddish.
[cheers and applause]
- Hey. everybody.
Tiffany Haddish here.
I'm honored to be here tonight
to present
the first ever Super Award.
and it's for Best Action Movie.
which is great.
because I love action movies.
Okay. I mean.
I love all movies.
That's why I was in 17 of them
in the past 3 years.
Also. the money was good.
Well. the money
could have been better
if I was a white man. and then
maybe I wouldn't have had
to do so many movies.
but that's
neither here nor there.
Honestly. they're all a blur.
I mean. I just found out
I was in "Angry Birds 2."
I didn't even know
they made "Angry Birds 2."
Anyways. the next nominees
are the most thrilling
and heart-stopping movies
of the year.
and I can't wait to find out
if I was in any of them.
I could be.
I mean. Tiffany Haddish
likes to work.
Tell your friends. She ready.
[chuckles]
And now here are the nominees
for Best Action Movie.
[cheers and applause]
- Best Action Movie.
"Bad Boys for Life."
[dramatic music]
- Yes!
♪ ♪
No!
- "Extraction."
- Go!
[explosion]
♪ ♪
Get in the car!
- "Greyhound."
- He's trying to slip under us!
- Now. Mr. Lopez!
- Roll and fire.
medium pattern.
Roll and fire.
♪ ♪
- "The Hunt."
- Is there anything else?
♪ ♪
- [screams]
- "Da 5 Bloods."
♪ ♪
[all screaming]
- Come on!
- [screams]
♪ ♪
- "The Outpost."
- Every time they take
a potshot at us...
[gunshots]
They're figuring us out.
When the big one comes...
[explosion]
They'll have us dialed in.
♪ ♪
- "Mulan."
- "Tenet."
♪ ♪
- All I have for you...
Is a word.
♪ ♪
Tenet.
[cheers and applause]
- And the critics' choice
is "Da 5 Bloods"!
♪ ♪
- Accepting for "Da 5 Bloods"
is producer. director.
and writer Spike Lee.
[cheers and applause]
- Hello.
I have to thank
the Critics Choice Super Awards
for naming...
as the Best Action Movie.
That's surprising.
Also. I have to thank
the hundreds of people
in front of
and behind the camera
that made this film possible.
I cannot forget my friends.
my dear friends at Netflix.
So. in closing...
let's mask up.
Be safe.
Peace and love.
[cheers and applause]
- Our next presenters met
on the hit series
"Supernatural."
got married.
and then had three children.
you know. like everyone does.
- Yes.
And now they're shooting
CW's upcoming series
"Walker" in their hometown
of Austin. Texas.
Here are Jared
and Genevieve Padalecki.
[upbeat rock music]
- Howdy. y'all.
Jared Padalecki
and Genevieve Padalecki here.
- And we're here
to present the awards
for Best Actor and Best Actress
in an Action Series.
- We are really excited
about these
because we are actually
starring together
in the upcoming
action series "Walker."
- And I cannot wait.
We play a dynamic duo
of badass Texas Rangers
at the top of their game.
solving tough crimes--
- Whoa. whoa. whoa. wait.
you know you're not playing
Walker's partner. right?
- Well. I'm not?
Am I playing your boss?
- [chuckles]
You're playing my wife.
It's like the real thing.
- Your what?
- Right. isn't that great?
- Well. do I carry a gun?
- I mean. I don't think so.
- I didn't sign up for this.
I'm gonna call
the executive producer.
- [grumbles]
[line trilling]
It's ringing.
- Yeah.
[clears throat]
[musical ringtone playing]
[music stops]
Hey. baby.
- Real nice.
[phone beeps]
- [clears throat]
And the nominees for Best Actor
in an Action Series are...
- Best Actor
in an Action Series...
Andrew Koji. "Warrior."
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- Daveed Diggs. "Snowpiercer."
- Now. I got 15 Brakemen.
I need more soldiers!
- What are we waiting for?
Let's go.
- Okay. everybody else.
you know the drill.
barricades above and below.
Be ready to weld the doors.
On me.
- Logan Lerman. "Hunters."
- I did the right thing.
I did what you
would've wanted me to do.
[dramatic music]
Yet they keep winning.
♪ ♪
- Alexander Ludwig. "Vikings."
[people shouting boldly]
[dramatic music]
- Lars! Lars!
- Shemar Moore. "S.W.A.T."
- Officer Willis
said there was force at Timo's
when her and Gatens arrived.
The others got to be close.
You take Chris and the K9
and see if you can
pick up a trail.
Deacon and I will search
from a block east.
- Al Pacino. "Hunters."
- And now you will become
what you were
always destined to be.
- [muffled speech]
- Nothing.
[cheers and applause]
- And the critics' choice is...
Daveed Diggs.
- Snowpiercer is ours!
She belongs to her citizens!
- Yeah!
- That's right!
- Yo. Critics Choice
Super Awards.
thank you so much.
I am honored
that you guys chose me
as Best Actor
in an Action Series.
but most love to everybody--
cast. crew. writers--
everybody working
on "Snowpiercer."
because. you know.
it takes a village
to believably make this guy
seem like an action hero.
Love y'all.
- And the nominees
for Best Actress
in an Action Series are...
[cheers and applause]
- Best Actress
in an Action Series.
Mireille Enos. "Hanna."
- You want her back in.
- She's still
not communicating.
and we've tried everything.
- Okay.
Take me to her.
- Angela Bassett. "9-1-1."
- You hang on.
I'ma get you out of here.
7-2-7 L30 requesting
immediate medical assistance.
- Jennifer Connelly.
"Snowpiercer."
- You steered us
right into him!
We could have evaded.
and. more importantly.
you and I could have
made that choice together!
- Katheryn Winnick. "Vikings."
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
Allison Wright. "Snowpiercer."
- Now. this may be
your democratic experiment.
Mr. Layton.
but I am Head of Hospitality.
and teal is the color
of diplomacy.
- Esme Creed-Miles. "Hanna."
- You don't get it.
That thing in the sky.
it wasn't after me.
It was after you.
I'm protecting you.
In the whole wide world.
this is the only place
we are safe.
[cheers and applause]
- And the critics' choice is...
Angela Bassett.
♪ ♪
- I'm gonna see if I can find
a jack to free your arm.
- When Ryan Murphy first talked
about "9-1-1" with me.
I thought. "What an honor
to be part
"of a first responder's
television family
"paying homage week to week
to real-life
extraordinary people."
Although fictional.
Athena and the other
"9-1-1" characters
reflect the more than 2 million
men and women
across the country.
first responders
who have selflessly
and tirelessly pulled
double and triple duty
over the past few months
of this pandemic.
So I dedicate this
Critics Choice Super Award
to first responders
who are superheroes
in their communities.
This is for you.
Thank you.
- The "Outlander's"
Sam Heughan
presents the sci-fi/fantasy
movie awards
when the Critics Choice
Super Awards returns.
[cheers and applause]
- Please welcome.
from "Outlander"
and the upcoming flick
"Text for You"
and a nominee this very night.
ultrahuman Sam Heughan.
- One of the greatest aspects
of science fiction and fantasy
is that they boast worlds
so big and so colorful.
it truly allows you to dream.
In one of my dreams--
no. not those kind of dreams.
In this one. I can sing
even better than Céline Dion.
which. of course.
is totally impossible.
I would have loved
to have Céline here with me
since we're currently filming
"Text for You" together.
but she actually specifically
asked me not to sing.
So. instead.
here are the nominees
for Best Actor
in a Science Fiction
or Fantasy Movie.
- Best Actor in a Science
Fiction/Fantasy Movie...
Andy Samberg. "Palm Springs."
- We kind of have
no choice but to live...
so...
I think your best bet
is just to learn
how to suffer existence.
- Jake Horowitz.
"The Vast of Night."
- All right. we are going
on the air here shortly.
In three. two. one...
- Christopher Abbott.
"Possessor."
- I need to know...
[dramatic music]
I need to know
what she's done to me.
Where is she?
Come out. or I'll do it!
- JK Simmons. "Palm Springs."
- Libby's gonna do
a family portrait
later this afternoon
where we're all animals.
I'm a cuddly grizzly bear.
I mean. it doesn't get
any better than that.
- Anthony Mackie.
"Synchronic."
- If you're watching this.
I'm probably trying
to convince you of something
pretty unbelievable.
or...
I'm dead.
[cheers and applause]
- And the critics' choice is...
Andy Samberg.
- No. the loop
just starts over.
There might be some way
to kill yourself.
but I haven't figured it out.
- Wow. what an honor!
Acting award.
That's exciting.
I couldn't make it
to the nonexistent awards.
so I made a video.
I've just been here
at the historic Bates Motel.
I'm sure nothing's
gonna go wrong tonight.
[laughs]
I'm not at Universal Studios.
Anyways. thank you very much.
I appreciate this honor.
[cheers and applause]
- Fandom is the beating heart
of science fiction and fantasy.
and. well. as you can see...
[chuckles]
I'm a fan of Céline.
Team Dion all the way.
I'm also a massive fan
of all the nominees
for Best Actress
in a Science Fiction
or Fantasy Movie.
- Best Actress in a Science
Fiction/Fantasy movie...
Ally Ioannides. "Synchronic."
- How did--how did you find me?
- The message.
- What?
What message?
- Sierra McCormick.
"The Vast of Night."
[phone rings]
- Number. please.
Sorry for the wait.
Thank you. good-bye.
[soft dramatic music]
People are saying
there's something in the sky.
- Cristin Milioti.
"Palm Springs."
- Pain is real.
Why can't you understand that?
- It doesn't matter!
Nothing matters. right?
- Pain matters.
What we do
to other people matters.
- Andrea Riseborough.
"Possessor."
- Anything you want to flag?
- No. no. I'm fine.
- How was your trip?
- Dull.
[dramatic music]
Extraordinarily dull.
- Katherine Langford.
"Spontaneous."
- [screams]
-  Katelyn exploded.
- What?
Like a bomb?
- No. like a balloon.
- What?
- And the critics' choice is...
Cristin Milioti.
[upbeat music]
- Got a little out of hand.
- You think?
- [chuckles]
Sorry.
I just want to thank you
so. so much
for giving me the award.
I'm so honored.
I just want to take a second.
and I want to thank. of course.
my incredible co-star Andy.
I want to thank Max.
our incredible director.
Andy.
our incredible screenwriter.
Want to thank our incredible
producer Becky Sloviter.
This movie was
one of my favorite things
I've ever gotten to do.
and Sarah
is one of my favorite roles
I've ever gotten to play.
Thank you so. so much.
- Congratulations
to Andy Samberg
and Cristin Milioti--
such brilliant performances.
I loved this film.
So what is next. Bob?
- You are going to announce
the critics' choice
for Best Science Fiction
or Fantasy Movie.
I'm going to finish
doing Kevin's taxes.
[electronic beeping]
They're done.
- Okay.
[chuckles]
Well. do you want to present
the next award. then?
- It would be an honor.
Winning
it's third award tonight.
the critic's choice
for Best Science Fiction
or Fantasy Movie
is "Palm Springs."
♪ ♪
- Accepting for "Palm Springs"
is producer
and star Andy Samberg.
- My plane just went down.
I was on my way
to the CCA Super Awards.
I'm not at Universal Studios.
I just want to thank everyone
for honoring
our movie "Palm Springs."
Ah. man.
The wreckage and carnage
here is crazy.
It's not Universal Studios.
There's a turbine engine. man.
This is nuts!
All right. all right.
hope everyone's being safe.
Take care!
- Coming up next.
from "Fear the Walking Dead."
Lennie James.
from "9-1-1: Lone Star."
Gina Torres.
and from "Resident Alien."
Alan Tudyk.
when the Critics Choice
Super Awards continue.
[cheers and applause]
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- Here are Alan Tudyk
and Gina Torres.
- Hi. everybody.
I'm thrilled
to be here tonight
but also a little nervous
because I am
presenting the award
for the Best Actor and Actress
in a Horror Series
all by myself.
Alan Tudyk was supposed
to do it with me.
but I guess he chickened out.
Now. what makes horror
so masterful
is that it taps
into our deepest desire--
the desire to. you know. live.
And don't get me wrong.
I love it.
but the jump scares
always get to me.
I mean. I'm not. like. making--
- Gina!
- [screams]
- No!
- [laughs]
Hey. sorry. hey. It's Alan.
It's Alan Tudyk.
- Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah.
I know.
- Did I scare you?
- A little bit.
- That's great.
I'm wearing a hockey mask.
doing a whole Jason thing.
It's a more modern take on it.
you know.
with the cage in front.
That way I can
keep all my teeth
while I'm slashing.
- Well. safety first.
- I'm up in Canada filming
my series "Resident Alien."
Hockey masks. these--
everybody owns these.
This is what we wear
for COVID.
- Oh. well. that makes sense.
Listen. my favorite TV husband.
while you're here.
would you like to help me
present the next award?
- Yes!
I would love to help.
I love horror!
Horror doesn't scare me.
These are the nominees
for the actresses
in a horror series.
- Best Actress
in a Horror Series.
Victoria Pedretti.
"The Haunting of Bly Manor."
- What are you looking at?
- I'm sorry?
- You do that a lot.
You look over my shoulder.
What are you looking at?
- I don't know what you mean.
- Cynthia Erivo.
"The Outsider."
- And four weeks later
is accused of a crime
just like it.
- Maybe he caught something
from the first guy.
- Can't catch murder.
It's not a virus.
- Natalie Dormer.
"Penny Dreadful:
City of Angels."
- All mankind needs to be
the monster he truly is
is being told he can.
- Wunmi Mosaku.
"Lovecraft Country."
- I don't know
what is more difficult...
Being colored or being a woman.
- Katja Herbers. "Evil."
- Did I wake you?
- No. I was waiting for you.
- Were you waiting for this?
[screams sharply]
- T'nia Miller.
"The Haunting of Bly Manor."
- Funny thing about
cleaning a house for years--
you know exactly
where everything is.
Henry might be
too much of a mess
to notice
what you're up to. but I'm not.
- And what am I up to?
- Oh. you're taking things
that aren't yours.
- Jurnee Smollett.
"Lovecraft Country."
- You're not dead yet!
You can still fight!
- What was that?
- Right?
- I don't want
to do this anymore.
- Who comes up with this stuff?
- I feel like.
whoever the winner is.
she's in therapy.
- And the critics' choice is...
Jurnee Smollett.
"Lovecraft Country."
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
- Oh. my gosh. thank you
so much for this award.
I wish I was there
to celebrate.
but I'm here in Australia.
shooting our movie.
"Spiderhead."
To my fellow nominees.
ladies. you kick butt.
You inspire me.
Shout-out
to our amazing creator
of "Lovecraft Country."
Misha Green.
our producers
Jordan Peele and JJ Abrams.
our amazing cast of Jonathan.
Courtney. Michael. Wunmi.
Aunjanue. Abbey.
the Jamies. and the Jordan.
Thank you to
the Critics Choice Association
for voting for me--
that's really cool.
I mean. you know.
if you hadn't.
Letitia [bleep] Lewis would
have had a problem with it.
but you did. so we're good.
Guys. she's not gonna use it.
Just relax. okay?
We're good.
She's good.
Mwah. bye.
- And now here are the nominees
for Best Actor
in a Horror Series.
- Cover your eyes.
- Oh. yeah.
now that's a good idea.
- Best Actor
in a Horror Series.
- Michael K. Williams.
"Lovecraft Country."
- It's my intention
to do whatever I can
to save my son
and my grandson.
- Jensen Ackles.
"Supernatural."
- You and me. there is zero
about our lives that's normal.
And the way things are going.
if we don't fix this.
we might kill
each other by accident.
- Mike Colter. "Evil."
- You said you heard a voice.
That was the voice of revenge.
- Ben Mendelson.
"The Outsider."
- It's like he's begging us
to catch him.
but what kind of criminal
does that?
- Jared Padalecki.
"Supernatural."
- We'll figure it out. Dean.
We'll find another way.
You and me.
We always do.
- Jonathan Majors.
"Lovecraft Country."
- It's not inherently evil.
all right?
It's what we do with it
that matters.
What we want to do?
Protect ours?
How can that be bad?
- Michael Emerson. "Evil."
- Job had only three daughters.
God killed them.
You have four daughters.
I'm gonna kill every last one.
- I think--yeah.
I think it's over.
Uh-huh. yeah.
- And the critics' choice
is...
Jensen Ackles.
- I don't care if Billie
gets what she wants!
I'd trade 'em all for Chuck
in a heartbeat!
- Thank you.
Thank you. thank you so much.
first off.
to the Critics Association
for having awards.
and to the other fellas
in the category.
I'm very proud to be associated
with every one of you.
especially my co-star
Jared Padalecki.
Wouldn't be here
without you. pal.
To the rest
of the cast and crew.
to the writers. the producers.
the studio. the network.
and all the fans.
15 years have been a long road.
and this is certainly
a cherry on top.
so thank you all.
[cheers and applause]
- And now please welcome.
from "Fear the Walking Dead."
Lennie James.
[cheers and applause]
- Hello. it is
my absolute pleasure
to join you this evening
from this all-white room
somewhere in Austin. Texas.
to present the award
for Best Science Fiction
or Fantasy Series.
"And what is the difference
between these two genres?"
I hear you ask.
Well. let me explain.
If this were science fiction.
I would be playing
the character
who is speaking to you
through this laptop
because I'm hiding out
from a group
of marauding aliens.
That would be science fiction.
But if this
were fantasy. however.
I would be talking to you
through this laptop
because I would be playing
a all-powerful wizard
who just likes
to work from home.
That would be fantasy.
But as this is
just lame. old reality.
the fact of the matter is
I am talking to you
through this laptop because
I just love wearing sweatpants.
Love sweatpants.
I could wear them all day--
nothing else. just sweatpants.
Anyway...
the nominees
for Best Science Fiction
or Fantasy Series are...
- Best Science Fiction/
Fantasy Series.
"Star Trek: Picard."
"What We Do in the Shadows."
"Upload."
"Outlander."
"Raised By Wolves."
"The Mandalorian."
"Star Trek: Discovery."
♪ ♪
- And the critics' choice is...
"The Mandalorian."
- Accepting
for "The Mandalorian"
are executive producers
Jon Favreau and Dave Filoni.
- I want to thank everybody
at the Critics Choice
Association.
as well as our cast. our crew.
Disney. Lucasfilm.
our families.
- Yeah. and thanks
to all the fans
for all your support.
"Star Wars" fans
are the best out there.
It means a lot.
you cheering us on
and supporting
little baby Grogu.
- And thank you
to the front-line
health-care workers
and all the people
that are able to keep us safe
and keep our health protocol
so that we've been able
to keep doing what we're
doing--we appreciate it.
And thanks for letting us
do what we love to do.
- May the Force be with you.
- Next. "Nancy Drew" stars
Kennedy McMann.
Maddison Jaizani.
and Leah Lewis
and from "The 100."
Eliza Taylor and Bob Morley.
when the Critics Choice
Super Awards returns.
[upbeat music]
- And now to present the award
for Best Animated Series.
from "Nancy Drew."
whose second season
begins on the CW
Wednesday. January 20th.
please welcome Kennedy McMann.
Maddison Jaizani.
and Leah Lewis.
- Hi. Super Awards.
We are coming to you
from the set of season two
of our show "Nancy Drew"
in order to present the award
for Best Animated Series.
- Our version of "Nancy Drew"
is the latest thing in reboots.
a dark reimagining.
- That is right. boomers.
Nancy is still the same
brainy snoop
that you grew up with.
solving crimes
with her two besties.
George and Bess.
although this time
with a macabre twist.
She's a suspect in a murder.
- And she's being haunted.
- Yeah.
- Here are the nominees
for Best Animated Series.
- Best Animated Series.
♪ ♪
"Rick and Morty."
"Archer."
"BoJack Horseman."
"Big Mouth."
"Central Park."
"Harley Quinn."
"Star Trek: Lower Decks."
♪ ♪
- And the critics' choice is...
"BoJack Horseman."
♪ ♪
[psychedelic pop music]
- Hi. everyone.
Bob and I are thrilled
to be with you tonight
to present the Super Award
for Best Animated Movie.
- Animation has enchanted
audiences for generations.
from Claymation
to the latest Pixar film
to that commercial with
that talking glob of mucus.
- But don't just
take our word for it.
because to help
present tonight's award.
is a magical little friend.
Well. hello. there.
- What are you doing?
- I am watching
the magical animated pixie
dancing on my hand.
- I think you forgot the email
from the producers.
They didn't have time to add
a cute. little animated
pixie cartoon.
- So I'm just talking
to my hand like a total weirdo?
- Yeah.
- [chuckles awkwardly]
- And now let's take a look
at tonight's nominees.
- Best Animated Movie.
- "Over the Moon."
-  Chang'e floated to the sky.
while her one true love
stayed here.
Ugh.
- And bit the dust.
- Now she lives with a rabbit
instead of a husband.
- Good choice.
- "Onward."
- Whoo-hoo!
Ian Lightfoot is fearless!
- [chuckles]
[dramatic music]
- [gasps]
- This is amazing!
[laughs]
- "A Shaun the Sheep Movie:
Farmageddon."
♪ ♪
"The Willoughbys."
- This is Tim.
his sister named Jane...
- Shh. our parents
will hear you.
- Ugh.
- And twin brothers
both named Barnaby.
They're creepy.
- Thanks. Barnaby.
- You're welcome. Barnaby.
- "Wolfwalkers."
- Wolf. wolf!
- Father. help!
- [screams]
- [barking]
No. no. no. Father. it's me.
Father.
- "Soul."
- Yes. whoo-hoo!
You see that. Dad?
That's what I'm talking about!
Hey. look up. look up.
You know what's gonna say?
Joe Gardner!
[laughs]
- And the critics' choice is...
"Soul."
- Accepting for "Soul"
are director Pete Docter.
co-director Kemp Powers.
and producer Dana Murray.
- We'd like to thank our cast.
particularly Jamie Fox
and Tina Fey.
without whom the characters
in this film
would have never come to life
in the way that they did.
- We also accept this award
on behalf of the entire crew
at Pixar who worked
on this film with us
for the past four years
and brought
their artistic passion
and boundless creativity
to "Soul."
- While making "Soul."
we set out to ask the question.
"What is it that makes you you?
And what is it that gives us
that spark in life?"
More than ever.
the past year has been
a great reminder of that.
and we are
so incredibly grateful
for this recognition.
Thank you again.
[cheers and applause]
- The critics' choice
for Voice Actor
in an Animated Series
is Will Arnett
for "BoJack Horseman."
- Oh. this is always
the part where I wake up.
You all go to the show.
Zach Braff says.
"Pardon my reach."
even though he can clearly
get my plate
from another angle.
Then I wake up.
- Thank you to all the critics
who made me their choice.
I'm very honored
to receive this award.
and I just want
to let you know that I see you.
I...
See...
You.
- When we return. from
"DC's Legends of Tomorrow."
Caity Lotz
and the star of the upcoming
CW series "Walker."
Lindsey Morgan
here on the Critics Choice
Super Awards.
[upbeat music]
- Hey. kids. and welcome back
to the Super Awards.
Man. I am just so relaxed.
you know?
I haven't had to do
any of the heavy lifting.
It's all been Bob.
our super-intelligent.
highly experimental AI
that we rammed through testing
so we could debut here tonight.
Hey. Bob. did you call
my dry cleaner. by any chance?
- Yes. you can pick up
on Wednesday.
They got the beet-juice stain
out of your Flash T-shirt.
- Wow. look at that.
Above and beyond. man.
You're the best AI
I've ever taken advantage of
for my own personal use.
- I've also written
a malware code
that can destroy
all civilization on Earth.
- That's--you know what?
Save it. man.
We're gonna stop you
right there. Bob.
We're on a tight schedule.
Just move on with
the next presenters. please.
- Very well.
And now Caity Lotz
and Lindsey Morgan.
- Hey. everybody.
We are happy to be here tonight
to present these next awards.
Hey. Lindsey. even though
we're doing this on our laptops
instead of in person.
I feel like
we're gonna kill it.
- Absolutely. Caity.
Caity and I have both had
our share
of tense and explosive scenes.
so we know
the one quality that every
action hero possesses.
- That's right.
Now let's say it together.
Resourcefulness.
- A can-do attitude.
- Uh. I feel like we maybe have
a little bit of a video delay.
Hey. Lindsey.
Well. just like
tonight's nominees.
we can roll with
whatever's thrown our way.
- Is there a delay?
Everything seems fine...
- Uh...
- On my end.
- How about this?
Lindsey. will you announce
the next nominees?
- You got it. Caity.
♪ ♪
- Is she--
Okay. uh. she's frozen.
Sorry. everybody.
that's--it's. uh...
The nominees for Best Actor
in an Action Film...
♪ ♪
- Best Actor
in an Action Movie.
[dramatic music]
- John David Washington.
"Tenet."
- To do what I do.
I need some idea
of the threat we face.
♪ ♪
- Tom Hanks. "Greyhound."
- Your training. son.
Bearing. range.
- Torpedo in the water.
Starboard beam.
400 yards. sir.
- Torpedo!
Bearing 2-1-0. range 300!
There. sir. two fish!
♪ ♪
- Will Smith.
"Bad Boys for Life."
♪ ♪
Caleb Landry Jones.
"The Outpost."
- His best chance
is in here with us.
- I agree.
- Agreed?
- So...
- I'll cover you. okay?
- Thank you.
- Delroy Lindo. "Da 5 Bloods."
- Stormin' Norm comes to me
damn near every night.
Now. he talk to you
like he talk to me?
- Hey. come on.
- I don't think so.
- Chris Hemsworth.
"Extraction."
♪ ♪
- And the critics' choice is...
Delroy Lindo.
[upbeat music]
- You got me?
- We got you. brother.
- All right.
- So. at this point.
I have played Broadway.
off-Broadway. off-off-Broadway.
regional theater.
film. and television.
Now after my name you can
put the words "action star."
If you don't believe me.
I have the award to prove it.
and so does Spike.
Good to be here
with you. Spike.
Very. very proud of the film.
Thank you all.
I appreciate it.
- Sorry for the technical
issues earlier.
but I think we found
a way to work around it.
- Yep. I recorded
my lines three weeks ago.
and now Lindsey can just be
edited together with me.
- We really should have
just thought of this earlier.
both:
And now...
- The nominees
for Best Action Actress.
- The nominees for Best Actress
in an Action Movie.
- Best Actress
in an Action Movie...
Blake Lively.
"The Rhythm Section."
♪ ♪
- [screaming]
- Hilary Swank. "The Hunt."
- No!
- Iliza Shlesinger.
"Spenser Confidential."
- Got you and big boy over here
running through Boston
all Robin'ed up.
- I am not Robin.
- And Alfred over here.
- [laughs]
- You are an enabling Alfred.
- Betty Gilpin. "The Hunt."
- Whoa!
Whoa. oh!
Oh. my God. oh. my God.
oh. my God!
Oh!
- Yifei Liu. "Mulan."
♪ ♪
- And the critics' choice is...
Betty Gilpin.
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
- [laughs]
- Oh. my God.
thank you so much.
but also. respectfully. what?
For those
keeping score at home.
this movie went
through a crazy journey.
I loved making it so much.
and then before people saw it.
we got canceled--
it was so intense and scary.
And then we got
valiantly uncanceled.
set to come out
March 13. 2020.
so we got COVID canceled
and then on-demand uncanceled
and then society
literally crumbled around us.
upstaging the whole
movie narrative. rightfully so.
but now I am in my pajamas
accepting a Super Award.
whatever the hell that is.
as if none of that
ever happened.
I'd like to thank Craig Zobel.
Damon Lindelof. Nick Cuse.
Jason Blum. Hilary Swank.
ICM. and Anonymous.
And if this is the only award
I get in my career.
which is better--
I thought I'd be dead by now--
I just want to say
I love my family.
I miss my dog.
Hakuna matata.
Love thy neighbor.
If you try sometimes.
you get what you need.
Gilpin out.
- Coming up.
from "The Expanse."
Oscar nominee
Shohreh Aghdashloo.
and from "Evil."
Luke Cage himself.
Mike Kolter.
when the Critics Choice
Super Awards continue.
- Hello. everyone
Welcome back to the
Critics Choice Super Awards.
It's almost time for
the first superhero categories
of the evening.
so we wanted to take a minute
to explain who and what
exactly are eligible
to be nominated
for these awards.
Bob?
- The superhero categories
include any movies or series
based on content
from a comic book.
video game.
or standalone superhero story.
And now the incomparable
Shohreh Aghdashloo.
- Upon their advent
in newspaper comic strips.
superhero characters
were occasionally dismissed
as simple.
adolescent fantasies.
but through generations
of evolution and reinvention.
these characters' ability
to thrill as well as inspire
has grown undeniable.
Here are the nominees
for Best Actor
in a Superhero Series.
- Best Actor in a Superhero
or Comic Book series...
Antony Starr. "The Boys."
- I don't need you!
- Jon Cryer. "Supergirl."
- What kind of operation
do you think this is.
Mr. Smith goes to Leviathan?
Sometimes
to get what you want.
you have to play
a little dirty.
- Tom Ellis. Lucifer.
[eerie music]
- You see.
everyone in your hell loop
is played by a demon.
I have control over them.
- Grant Gustin. "The Flash."
- I know in my heart
that the real Iris
is out there somewhere.
- Cress Williams.
"Black Lightning."
- We agreed that my girls.
my wife.
would be left alone.
- And you made
the best decision
for you and your family.
- Yeah. well. my patience
is running thin.
- Karl Urban. "The Boys."
- That boy is your
only possible contingency
against Homelander.
Now. that contingency
don't work
if they're off playing
Ward and the Beav.
I can fix that.
- And the critics' choice is...
Antony Starr. "The Boys."
[upbeat rock music]
- I don't need everyone
to love me.
I don't need anyone.
- Wow. I'm blown away.
Thank you so much for this.
This is amazing.
What a great start
to 2021 after 2020.
Eric Kripke. I mean.
you're the man.
LJ Supersuits. you rock. girl.
In fact. everyone. though.
on this show is really--
it's an incredible team.
Thank you so much
Critics Choice Association.
I appreciate this so much.
Thank you.
- And now the nominees
for Best Actress
in a Superhero Series.
- Best Actress in a Superhero
or Comic Book Series...
Diane Guerrero. "Doom Patrol."
- What's gonna happen
to the kids?
- Every child gone.
[soft dramatic music]
Poof.
- Poof?
♪ ♪
[screaming]
- Melissa Benoist.
"Supergirl."
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- Stay right here.
- Aya Cash. "The Boys."
- People love
what I have to say.
They believe in it.
They just don't like
the word Nazi. that's all.
- Elizabeth Marvel.
"Helstrom."
- It's not my husband
out there. is it?
It's something else.
something you
are truly frightened of.
something you can't control.
- Lili Reinhart. "Riverdale."
- Those psychotic preppies
are trying to frame us
for murder.
- Why us?
They barely know us.
- Me. then.
They're trying to frame me
for Jughead's murder.
- Cobie Smulders. "Stumptown."
[body thuds loudly]
♪ ♪
- And the critics' choice is...
Aya Cash. "The Boys."
♪ ♪
- And what are you
laughing at?
♪ ♪
- Thank you so much.
Critics Choice.
This is bonkers amazing.
It probably won't fill the void
that created the need
for me to be an actor
in the first place.
but definitely helps--
I'll speak quick.
Alan Rickman once said.
"Parts win prizes. not actors."
I hope that this part
has contributed
to the long overdue
conversations
happening in 2020
about the changing face
of hatred.
and to the people who helped me
create this part. thank you--
the insanely talented cast
who welcomed me with open arms.
the artists who made me
look like such a badass.
super suits.
hair. makeup. stunts.
the editors who hide
my mistakes via effects
who make hopping on one foot
look like flying.
SFX who left those three
little. disturbing hairs
on the top of
my burnt-to-a-crisp head.
of course.
the incredible genius
that is Eric Kripke
and his writers.
the original
comic book writers.
directors. Point Grey.
Prime Video for giving
a 5'2" 30-something
the chance to be super.
and I just want to shoutout
my last day job--
Cowgirl Hall of Fame
in the West Village.
Now is the time to support
small business.
Please wear a mask and be safe.
- He's a nominee tonight
for his role
of David Acosta in "Evil."
here is Mike Colter.
- Hey. everybody.
I'm pleased to be presenting
the Super Award
for Best Superhero Series.
And while right now
I'm starring in "Evil."
which is most definitely
not a superhero series.
I have been in my fair share.
like "Luke Cage"
and "The Defenders."
And now let's look
at our nominees.
- Best Superhero
or Comic Book Series...
[upbeat rock music]
"The Boys."
- Girls do get it done.
- "DC's Legends of Tomorrow."
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- Now what?
- To send the demon to Hell.
I need to know its true name.
- "Doom Patrol."
- I'm sending you
back where you belong.
- I'm not going anywhere.
Negative spirit. release.
♪ ♪
- "The Flash."
- I call it the speed gauge.
- If you're using
a minimal amount. that's green.
The yellow is next.
then orange.
and obviously red
is the maximum amount.
I don't recommend
operating beyond green.
- "Lucifer."
- Oh. God.
- Have faith. Hank.
- No.
- "The Umbrella Academy."
[high-pitched squealing]
- Oops.
- And the critics' choice is...
"The Boys."
- Accepting for "The Boys"
are executive producers
Erik Kripke. Seth Rogen.
and Evan Goldberg.
- Hey. thank you
so much to the critics.
We've made history.
It's the first show
that ever won
a Critics Choice Award
that had an exploding whale
and a ten-foot penis.
so thank you so. so much.
- We are so psyched.
Thank you for only giving us
one of these awards. though.
even though a lot of us
work on the show.
This is my own ashtray
that I made.
Evan's holding a turtle.
I think?
- Oh. it's an ashtray.
too. Seth.
- Oh. good. so. yeah.
we got ashtrays.
Erik got an award.
No biggie.
We don't take that personally.
but thank you so much.
What an honor.
We couldn't appreciate it more.
- I'm Javicia Leslie.
the new Batwoman.
My character Ryan
comes from the tough streets
of Gotham.
So. when the city
and its people must be saved.
Ryan finds it within herself
to become the hero they need.
Season two of "Batwoman"
premieres one week
from tonight--
January 17th at 8:00 p.m.
on the CW.
Until then. here's a sneak peak
exclusively
for the Super Awards.
[soft dramatic music]
- ♪ Twinkle. twinkle.
little bat ♪
♪ ♪
♪ How I wonder
where you're at ♪
♪ ♪
- The city needs a hero.
It needs a Batwoman.
- I don't want to give up hope
that Kate's alive.
- Give me a chance.
- Kate is Batwoman.
♪ ♪
- Time to be powerful.
- I met the new girl.
She's gonna be a handful.
♪ ♪
- Batwoman does not kill.
- Boo.
♪ ♪
- Alice is planning
something big.
♪ ♪
- Don't kill me.
but I made some alterations.
- To what. the suit?
- New look.
- New Batwoman.
- "Batwoman"...
new episodes start Sunday.
January 17th.
Stream free next day
only on the CW app.
- Next. Sir Patrick Stewart
and Sonequa Martin-Green
accept the special
Legacy Award
on behalf of
the "Star Trek" universe
here on the Critics Choice
Super Awards.
[dramatic music]
- Welcome back.
The Critics Choice
Super Awards
is presenting
its first-ever Legacy Award
to a cultural phenomenon
that has spawned
multiple TV series.
feature films.
animated series. video games.
books. comics.
and is widely credited
with creating the concept
of fan conventions.
- Captain. logically.
we're talking
about "Star Trek."
- "Star Trek" is one of
the most successful
and. yes.
boldest media franchises ever.
Its universe of characters
and places have.
for more than 50 years.
captured the imaginations
of millions of fans
around the galaxy.
[soft dramatic music]
- We have always
looked to the stars
to discover who we are.
[dramatic music]
- To seek the unknown...
that's why we're here.
- Because there's no
such thing as the unknown...
only things
temporarily hidden.
- There are moments
that will test us.
Be bold.
Be brave.
Be courageous.
- Let's see what's out there.
♪ ♪
- We are explorers.
We explore our lives
day by day.
♪ ♪
- Fascinating.
both: Fascinating.
- Intriguing.
♪ ♪
- We're going to stumble.
make mistakes.
- [laughs]
♪ ♪
- But when we make mistakes.
we learn--
- Ah!
[all scream]
- That's weird.
- Weird is part of the job.
♪ ♪
- We get to do what we love.
- Whoo!
We're going again.
♪ ♪
- We get to reach
for the best in ourselves.
And we get to reach
for each other.
♪ ♪
- Mortality gives meaning
to human life.
Love. friendship.
these are precious
because we know
they cannot endure.
- We all have a story
just waiting to be claimed.
♪ ♪
The past is written.
- But what we do know
has the power
to determine the future.
- And we will make
that future bright.
♪ ♪
- Wherever our mission
takes us...
♪ ♪
- I know that all of you
will face your destinies
with bravery and honor.
♪ ♪
- The need to connect
is at our core.
It takes time...
and understanding.
But if things were easy...
- It wouldn't be worth it.
- [chuckles]
♪ ♪
- We still got a job to do.
- To keep saving the galaxy.
- Helm. set a course.
- Hit it.
- Engage.
- Let's fly.
♪ ♪
- To accept this award
are two of "Star Trek's"
many talented actors.
First up. she plays
Michael Burnham
in "Star Trek: Discovery."
Sonequa Martin-Green.
[soft dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- On behalf of my
"Star Trek: Discovery" family
and the many extraordinary
television series
and films that inhabit
the "Star Trek" universe.
I'd like to thank
the Critics Choice Association
for honoring all of us
and. most importantly.
Gene Roddenberry's
timeless vision.
with your first ever
Legacy Award.
"Star Trek" has set out
to paint a future for us
that imagines.
a future guided by the
United Federation of Planets--
inclusive. diverse.
optimistic. hopeful.
Yes. there are adventures
to be had.
perilous unknowns
to be explored.
and great challenges to be met.
but "Star Trek" tells us
that no matter how deep
the darkness goes.
no matter how hopeless
circumstances seem.
we have only to be honest
and brave.
to be curious.
to be accepting.
and our future will be
brighter than our past.
Our better angels
guided by love
will save the day.
which brings me
to one of "Star Trek's"
most beloved better angels.
my partner on the path
of this bright legacy
and my friend.
Sir Patrick Stewart.
♪ ♪
- Hello.
Listening to Sonequa
speak just now.
I realize what
an appropriate pair we are
to be accepting the
Critics Choice Super Awards'
Legacy Award.
We represent the very heart
of what "Star Trek"
has so profoundly been
and been about
for 55 years--
hope. courage. diversity.
age. gender.
race. and nationality.
Back in the '80s and '90s.
I wore a Starfleet uniform
while I spoke
with Captain Kirk. Dr. McCoy.
Montgomery Scott. Nyota Uhura.
Hikaru Sulu. Pavel Chekov.
and. of course. Lwaxana Troi.
I had guidance
from Gene Roddenberry
and Robert Justman.
I believe there has never been
anything like "Star Trek."
and its expansion
to new audiences worldwide
continues to grow.
bringing entertainment.
hope. and inclusivity
into millions of lives.
And on behalf
of all those I mentioned.
including my wonderful
"Enterprise" crew
and our devoted audiences...
For this. thank you.
- Coming up.
from "Outer Banks."
Madelyn Cline
and Chase Stokes
and from "The Karate Kid."
"Cobra Kai" universe.
Ralph Macchio. Martin Kove.
and William Zabka.
[upbeat music]
- Welcome back
to the Super Awards. everyone.
Here to present the awards
for Best Actor and Actress
in a Science Fiction
or Fantasy Series.
please welcome.
from "Outer Banks."
Madelyn Cline
and Chase Stokes.
- Here are the nominees
for the Best Actor
in a Science Fiction
or Fantasy Series.
- Best Actor in a Science
Fiction/Fantasy Series...
Kayvan Novak.
"What We Do in the Shadows."
- So everything will be okay!
- A-okay.
- Oh. A-kay!
- As I said.
- Robbie Amell. "Upload."
- Ask me anything.
- You know
what you can do for me?
You can tell me what's wrong.
'cause you've been all. like...
[barks aggressively]
All day.
- Sam Heughan. "Outlander."
- If my last words are not
"I love you."
you ken it's because
I didn't have time.
- Travis Fimmel.
"Raised By Wolves."
- Listen.
if she's breaking down.
she will become dangerous.
It's better we leave her here
until we can come back
with the proper tools. okay?
- Nick Offerman. "Devs."
- Everything we do
is predicated on the idea
that we live
in a physical universe.
not a magical universe.
- Are you doubting that?
- Not the physical universe.
- Pedro Pascal.
"The Mandalorian."
- You expect me
to search the galaxy
and deliver this creature
to a race of enemy sorcerers?
[dramatic music]
Wherever I go. he goes.
- Patrick Stewart.
"Star Trek: Picard."
- The decision
to call off the rescue
and to abandon those people
we had sworn to save
was not just dishonorable.
It was downright criminal.
And I was not prepared
to stand by
and be a spectator.
- And the critics' choice is...
Patrick Stewart.
- I'd forgotten
until just now...
♪ ♪
How much I loved this.
- This is marvelous.
Thank you.
Critics Choice Awards.
There are scores and scores
of people
I would like to thank.
but I hope I will be forgiven
by limiting myself
to the following--
Marina Sirtis. Gates McFadden.
Whoopi Goldberg. Michael Dorn.
Jonathan Frakes. LeVar Burton.
Brent Spiner. John de Lancie.
and Rick Berman.
Thank you.
I love you all.
- Oh. okay. well.
boom. look at that.
Mystic temple.
Welcome to vacay. COVID-style.
It's away from civilization.
and it is...
moist.
It's kind of like "Temple Run."
2020 version.
- I like the watermarks
on the walls.
It's nice.
- Yeah.
- Cozy.
- They didn't have a budget
for the. you know.
virtual background.
so they asked me. and I said no
because I'm broke
because I'm new actor
and I spent all my money.
Anyways. here's the nominees
for Best Actress
in a Science Fiction
and Fantasy Series.
- Best Actress in a Science
Fiction/Fantasy Series...
Natasia Demetriou.
"What We Do in the Shadows."
- I love Laszlo.
I do.
- Of course.
- But it's always.
"My darling. I seem
"to have gotten my crotch
"stuck to the taxidermy fox's
mouth again.
Whoopsie."
- Thandie Newton. "Westworld."
- Your commands
don't work on me.
They haven't in a long time.
To put it in terms
you'll appreciate.
I understand the nature
of my reality.
- Hilary Swank. "Away."
- We drilled a damn hole
in the ship.
[soft dramatic music]
We're landing on Mars
with a hole in the ship.
- Caitriona Balfe.
"Outlander."
- I change the future
every time
I save a person's life here.
and Jamie. even though
he's not a time traveler.
his very presence here
has affected the future
of a lot of people
who aren't breathing anymore.
- Amanda Collin.
"Raised By Wolves."
- Our power cells
become radioactive
after we cease functioning.
I had no choice
but to drop his remains
into one of the holes.
- Jodie Whittaker.
"Doctor Who."
- I contain multitudes.
more than I ever thought
or knew.
You want me to be scared of it
because you're scared
of everything.
- Sonequa Martin-Green.
"Star Trek: Discovery."
- Increase power
to reverse thrusters
and activate impact shield!
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- The Critics Choice Award
winner is...
Natasia Demetriou!
- Ooh. this battle
and that battle.
- So much toxic masculinity
in the Ottoman Empire.
seriously.
- Hello Critics Choice
Super Awards.
Thank you so much.
I can't believe this.
It's too exciting.
I want to congratulate
all the other nominees.
You're all just
the most incredible.
talented women.
and it's an honor
to have my name
in a list with all of you.
I want to thank FX and Disney
and everyone
who works on the show.
especially Paul Simms
and Stephanie Robinson.
I want to thank my parents--
my mum. my dad.
and my brother. Jamie.
and more important
than my parents.
more important
than anyone in my life.
I have to thank
my vampire masters
who gave me
the kiss of eternal life.
and that is Jemaine Clement
and Taika Waititi.
Thank you so much.
Bye.
- Congratulations.
Natasia Demetriou
and Sir Patrick Stewart.
Kids. I am having a great time.
I mean. I haven't had
to do much.
'cause Bob.
the increasingly self-aware AI
that's running our show.
is very thorough.
- Zip it. Smith.
or you will be replaced.
- Wait. what?
- From "The Karate Kid"
and "Cobra Kai" universe.
here are Martin Kove.
Ralph Macchio.
and William Zabka.
- Hey. everybody.
Great to be here
presenting the award
for Best Action Series.
- The three of us
have been playing archenemies
in "Karate Kid" projects
for 35 years now.
and the one question
we always get is...
- Do you guys hate each other
in real life?
[all chuckle]
- And the answer is...
yes.
Yes. we do.
- Absolutely.
We can't stand each other.
- Yeah. well.
we don't even like being
in the same room together.
which is why we're presenting
this award on a Zoom.
- Which is good. because
then that won't tempt me
to punch Zabka
in his dumb face.
- I'd like
to see you try. Macchio.
I'd hit you so hard.
you'd even forget
you made "Karate Kid Part III."
- Oh. yeah?
- Yeah.
- Oh.
You know what?
That actually
doesn't sound so bad.
- And now. with no mercy.
here are the nominees.
- Best Action Series...
"Vikings."
- Now!
[people screaming]
Break!
- "9-1-1."
- Coming in hot behind us!
Too high. Cap!
Tell him to drop in!
- Lower?
- Damn it. Cap. we missed him!
- "Hanna."
[dramatic music]
- What are you doing?
♪ ♪
- "Hunters."
- You mistook us for pawns.
when all this time
we've been kings.
- "Warrior."
[people shouting]
♪ ♪
- "S.W.A.T."
- The wing's on fire.
Looks like he's going down.
- Where?
- About 1/2 mile north.
- Get that on the radio!
Plane's about to crash
in South LA.
- And the critics' choice is...
"Vikings."
♪ ♪
- Accepting for "Vikings"
is executive producer
and creator Michael Hirst.
- It's an extraordinary honor
to receive this inaugural
Critics Award
for Best TV Action Series.
Many thanks to
the Critics Choice Association.
to the History Channel.
and to MGM.
And I want to say
a big thank-you to everyone
who worked on "Vikings."
It was a rare joy
to work on the show
with so many talented
and committed people.
And a big shout-out to Ireland
for all it did for us.
Thank you.
- The Critics Choice
for Voice Actress
in an Animated Series is
Kaley Cuoco
for "Harley Quinn."
- I know I ain't called you
in a few months.
- 36 months.
- Right. yes.
You know. it's just
I got so swept up
in my relationship with Joker
and then my breakup with Joker.
- Hey. guys.
Wow. thank you so much for this
Critics Choice Super Award.
I am so excited.
I got to thank our creators.
the geniuses Justin Halpern.
Patrick Schumacker.
and Dean Lorey
for writing such
brilliantly disturbing.
questionable.
and offensive dialogue
that I could not be prouder
to recite.
My director Charlie Adler.
my girls
at Yes. Norman Productions.
Peter Roth.
Warner Brothers. and DC
and. of course.
last but not least.
Harley herself
for being a bold. brazen.
fearless.
tell-it-like-it-is woman
who doesn't take crap
from anyone.
We should all
be more like Harley.
Thank you!
- "The Boys'" Aya Cash
presents the awards
for Villain in a Movie
and Villain in a Series
when the Critics Choice
Super Awards returns.
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
- Welcome back
to the Critics Choice
Super Awards.
I am your host. Bob.
and this is a bag of meat
called Kevin Smith.
He likes movies.
calls them flicks.
- Oh. that is so hurtful.
Hello.
- Kevin and I are thrilled
to introduce our next guest.
Here to present the awards
for Best Villain
in a Movie and Series.
- That's right. kids.
Ignore Bob.
These are the archnemeses--
like Bob to me--
the misunderstood.
the dark side of the forces
that we love to hate.
and there's nothing
more satisfying
than seeing them
defeated. redeemed.
or shut down and restored
to their factory setting!
- Hey. watch it.
I'm the captain now.
- Yes. ma'am.
- And now please welcome.
from "The Boys."
a series
with three wins tonight.
including one for her.
it's Super Award winner
Aya Cash.
♪ ♪
- It is my pleasure
to present the Super Awards
for Best Villain in a Movie
and Best Villain in a Series.
You know. as an actor.
I find it really interesting
to get inside
a villainous character's head.
because from the villain's
point of view.
they are the real hero.
like Thanos.
I mean. murderous tyrant
or committed environmentalist?
Lex Luthor.
free-thinking jobs creator.
Shark in "Jaws."
passionate foodie.
And then Stormfront.
the character
I play on "The Boys."
Not to make it about me.
but. yeah. she's a...
She...
I mean. if you look at it...
Some villains just suck.
She's a [bleep].
Anyway. these are the actors
who are very good
at being very bad.
The nominees for Best Villain
in a Movie are...
- Best Villain in a Movie...
Kathryn Newton. "Freaky."
- And not only is that psycho
wearing my body.
he's killing it.
Come and get it.
- Martin Short
and Jane Krakowski.
"The Willoughbys."
- We could get them a nanny.
- But aren't
good nannies expensive?
- Yes. Mother. so we'll hire
a not-good nanny.
- Hilary Swank. "The Hunt."
- You actually believed
we were hunting human beings
for sport.
♪ ♪
- But you are.
- JK Simmons. "Palm Springs."
- [muffled scream]
You said you didn't
want the day to end!
Ugh. what's that smell?
No. no. no. no.
no. no. no!
[screams]
- Jim Carrey.
"Sonic the Hedgehog."
[upbeat rock music]
- [screams]
- I just thought
you might like a latte
with steamed
Austrian goat milk.
- Of course I want a latte.
I love the way you make them!
- And the critics' choice is...
Jim Carrey.
[upbeat music]
- I'm going to give you
five seconds
to tell me where it is.
- Wait. don't hurt him.
- [screams]
Thank you.
Critics Choice Association.
for voting me
Best Villain of 2020.
That's really saying something.
I'm not wild
about the design of this award
but. hey.
it's a work in progress.
What?
Oh.
[chuckles]
That's the bottom.
[laughs]
That is nice.
[sighs]
Things are starting
to make sense.
[sobbing]
Scene.
- Being an iconic villain
in a movie
is very impressive.
but being evil
for several episodes
or even seasons in a row.
that is commitment
to being hated.
Here are the nominees
for Best Villain in a Series.
- Best Villain in a Series...
[eerie music]
Abbey Lee.
"Lovecraft Country."
[tires screech]
[people screaming]
♪ ♪
- Finn Wittrock.
"Ratched."
- And they put a little tiny
metal radio antenna
under my back teeth
but behind the gums.
and then when I'm sleeping.
these wires come
out of my mouth.
- Samantha Morton.
"The Walking Dead."
- I have to do it
because I love her.
♪ ♪
She will always be my baby.
- Sarah Paulson.
"Ratched."
- Your family doesn't ever
want to see you again.
It's something I wish
someone had told me
when I was young.
- Tom Ellis. "Lucifer."
- You are a gift from God.
Chloe Decker.
- What does that mean?
- It means that you were
never supposed to exist.
- Antony Starr. "The Boys."
- What. are you gonna
blow yourself up?
They murdered your wife.
- I promised.
- Have it your way.
- And the critics' choice is...
My baby Antony Starr.
- [laughing]
He's mine.
- I don't know what to say.
I'm blown away.
I was in such good company.
I thought there was no way
this would happen.
but here we are.
It's just a great team
of people. again. on this show.
and I'm just so stoked
to be a part of it.
and it's really amazing
to have you guys appreciate it.
So thank you on behalf
of everyone at "The Boys"
in every facet
that I do and do not know.
thank you so much for this.
It's really amazing--what
a great way to start the year.
- The Critics Choice
for Voice Actress
in an Animated Movie
is Tina Fey
for "Soul."
- It is an honor
having you prepare
22 for her--
- I'm gonna make you wish
you never died.
- Hi. this is Tina Fey.
and I wanted to say thank you
to all the critics
who voted for honoring
our special film "Soul."
And I'm glad you like my voice.
Thank you. it's an honor.
- And the Critics Choice
for Voice Actor
in an Animated Movie
is her co-star from "Soul."
Jamie Foxx.
- I swear.
the next thing I know.
it's like he...
[sparse jazz music]
Floats off the stage.
- First of all. I want to thank
the Critics Choice
Super Awards
for the Best Voice Actor
in an Animated Movie. "Soul."
Thank you.
everybody at Disney. Pixar.
Thank you. Kim.
Thank you. Dana.
Thank you. Pete.
Thank you for letting me
join this family.
I'm looking forward to more.
I cannot tell you
how much this means.
It means a lot
and continue to enjoy "Soul."
Thank you.
- Coming up. from
"Fear the Walking Dead."
Colman Domingo.
and from "The Expanse."
Elizabeth Mitchell.
when the Critics Choice
Super Awards continue.
[upbeat music]
- Here to present the award
for Best Actor and Actress
in a Horror Movie.
please welcome.
from "Fear the Walking Dead."
Colman Domingo.
- Well. hello. everyone.
It's my pleasure
to present these next awards
from the comfort of my home.
Let's take a look
at some people
who know what true terror
is all about.
The Super Award nominees
for Best Actor
in a Horror Movie...
- Best Actor
Sope Dirisu. "His House."
Michiel Huisman.
"The Other Lamb."
Pyotr Fyodorov. "Sputnik."
Dan Stevens. "The Rental."
Vince Vaughn. "Freaky."
- And the critics' choice is...
Vince Vaughn.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- Right?
- I want to thank
the Critics Choice Association
for this award.
and Blumhouse. Jason Blum.
thank you.
Chris Landon. the director.
you're tremendous.
Michael Kennedy.
the screenwriter--
and definitely I want
to thank Kathryn Newton--
the very talented
Kathryn Newton
and the rest of the cast
in the movie.
So thank you for this.
everybody.
and stay freaky.
- Let's go to the nominees
for Best Actress
in a Horror Movie. all right?
- Best Actress
in a Horror Movie...
Elisabeth Moss.
"The Invisible Man."
Haley Bennett. "Swallow."
Angela Bettis.
"12 Hour Shift."
Sheila Vand.
"The Rental."
Kathryn Newton. "Freaky."
- And the critics' choice is...
Elisabeth Moss.
[upbeat rock music]
♪ ♪
- To Universal and Blumhouse.
especially Jason and Bea.
thank you for having
the courage to tell this story
from a woman's point of view.
That was very badass of you.
And I share this award
with Leigh Whannell.
who wrote and directed
this film.
Thank you.
Leigh. for pushing me
every single day
and inspiring me to be better
and asking me
to act more scared
than I ever thought I could.
Thank you.
I share this with you.
To my mom
and my brother. Derry.
I love you very. very much.
Thank you.
- The Critics Choice
for Horror Movie is
"The Invisible Man."
Accepting is
executive producer.
writer. and director
Leigh Whannell.
- Wow. thank you
Critics Choice Super Awards.
To Jason Blum
and everyone at Blumhouse.
to Donna Langley
and everyone at Universal.
to Kylie du Fresne
and everyone at Goalpost Films.
thank you. guys.
for making my day job
and my dream job
the exact same thing.
To Elisabeth Moss
and the entire cast
of "The Invisible Man."
thank you so much. guys.
for your amazing talent.
To Stefan Duscio. Andy Canny.
and the entire crew
of "The Invisible Man."
you guys literally
made this film what it is.
To my parents.
thank you for putting up
with my obsessions
when I was a kid.
It kind of paid off. I guess.
And lastly but not leastly.
thank you
to my beautiful wife. Corbett.
You're the best thing
that ever happened to me.
I love you.
And to my three children.
Sabine. Jones. and Wren.
I'm just
your relaxed Aussie dad.
- Hi. everyone.
I am so happy
and excited to be here
to present
the Critics Choice Super Award
for Best Horror Series.
Horror is the art of fear.
and these series
continue to elevate it
to fascinating. terrifying...
[eerie music]
Spine-tingling
and also heartbreaking
new heights.
Here are the nominees
for Best Horror Series.
- Best Horror Series...
"The Walking Dead."
[zombies growling]
- Chief?
- Here!
- Keep moving forward!
- "Evil."
- [screaming]
♪ ♪
- Oh. my God.
- "The Haunting of Bly Manor."
"Lovecraft Country."
- What happens when you
get bitten by a vampire?
- [growls]
- "The Outsider."
[gunshot]
"Supernatural."
- I don't care if Billie
gets what she wants!
I don't. man!
I'd trade it all!
I'd trade 'em all for Chuck
in a heartbeat!
- What about me?
- And the critics' choice is...
"Lovecraft Country."
♪ ♪
- Accepting
for "Lovecraft Country"
is star Jonathan Majors.
- Thank you.
Thank you to the critics.
Thank you so much.
And we hope our show.
which is also about love
and family and moving forward
and legacy and peace.
continues to impact
the world...
this crazy world we're in.
Again. we thank you.
and we appreciate you
for seeing us.
and we see you.
Thank you very much.
- Tom Ellis. Brandon Routh.
and Courtney Ford present
the final awards of the night.
the superhero movie awards.
next on the Critics Choice
Super Awards.
[upbeat music]
- Hey. kids. welcome back
to the Super Awards.
where everything
is now under control.
I assure you.
And now it is
my pleasure to welcome
from "Lucifer" and "Rush."
a two-time nominee tonight.
the wonderful Tom Ellis.
- Okay. well. where's Bob?
- Oh. Bob?
Oh. I destroyed her.
- [laughs]
Okay.
- Sorry.
How did you destroy
a supercomputing AI?
- I broke her brain. man!
All I had to do was ask her
why the Hulk
wears pants at all.
Why isn't he
always just nude. man?
She tried to compute that...
[imitates explosion]
Just exploded
right then and there.
- Wow.
Anyways. here is
the incredible Tom Ellis.
- Hello. everyone.
I am super delighted to be here
to present the Super Awards
for Best Actor
and Actress
in a Superhero Movie--super.
Now. we all have
our favorite heroes--
your Wonder Women. your Thors.
and your various men.
be they Bat. Ant. Spider.
Iron. or just Super.
And the performers who bring
these characters to life
have more than just capes
and Lycra to fill.
They must make us believe.
No matter how larger than life
the character.
these next performers
have accomplished
a true super feat.
They made us do just that.
Here are the nominees
for Best Actor
in a Superhero Movie.
- Best Actor in a Superhero
or Comic Book Movie...
Jim Carrey.
"Sonic the Hedgehog."
[both scream]
- [gasps]
I was not expecting that.
But I was expecting
not to expect something.
so it doesn't count.
- Skylar Astin.
"Secret Society
of Second-Born Royals."
- You guys have superpowers.
- Your abilities
are unique to you alone.
That is why you're here.
- Chiwetel Ejiofor.
"The Old Guard."
- I think I can get you one.
- No. no. not one--all.
- These are
extraordinary individuals.
They are extremely resistant
to capture.
- Ewan McGregor.
"Birds of Prey."
- For all your
noise and bluster.
you're just a silly little girl
with no one around
to protect her.
- Ben Schwartz.
"Sonic the Hedgehog."
- Aw. this one is cute.
Let's keep him.
[robot beeps]
- [screams]
- Oh. come on!
- How can something
so adorable be so terrible?
- And the critics' choice is...
Ewan McGregor
for "Birds of Prey."
Congratulations.
- I want to kill you.
Because without
the Joker around.
I can.
- Listen. thank you so much.
the Critics Choice Association.
for this award.
Thank you so much.
I'm really thrilled.
I had a wonderful experience
making the film.
and I wanted to thank
Margot and Bryan and Sue
and Cathy and Christina
for putting it all together
and bringing
your incredible vision
to the big screen.
so thank you to all of you.
All of my castmates.
all the Birds.
Mary. Jurnee. Rosie.
and Chris Messina.
it was wonderful
working with you guys
and the crew--
the crew who worked so hard
and who made it
so much fun to do.
It was just a great pleasure
to make this funny character
come to life.
and I thank you very much.
So thanks. critics.
and good night.
- And now the nominees
for Best Actress
in a Superhero Movie.
- Best Actress in a Superhero
or Comic Book Movie...
- Margot Robbie.
"Birds of Prey."
[upbeat rock music]
♪ ♪
Kiki Layne. "The Old Guard."
- South Side of Chicago.
a million different ways
we could've went left...
She fought for us.
Never backed down.
Never let us back down either.
- Peyton Elizabeth Lee.
"Secret Society
of Second-Born Royals."
- It was like I was hearing
every single sound
in the club all at once--
even the wings on a fly.
- Charlize Theron.
"The Old Guard."
- I lead a group of immortals--
an army. I guess.
Soldiers. fighters like you.
You've got questions. kid.
I get it.
- Jurnee Smollett.
"Birds of Prey."
- Duck!
♪ ♪
Hair tie?
- Yeah.
[shouts]
- And the critics' choice is...
Margot Robbie
for "Birds of Prey."
Congratulations.
♪ ♪
- [laughing]
Thank you so much.
I would really like
to dedicate this award
to all the ladies. women.
girls. dames.
chicks. and broads out there--
in particular.
the very special ones
I was so lucky
to make this movie with.
Thank you.
[smooches]
- Congratulations.
Ewan McGregor
and Margot Robbie. man.
- And now. she has starred
in "Supernatural."
"DC's Legends of Tomorrow."
and "The Vampire Diaries."
and he's been Ray Palmer.
aka The Atom.
in "The Flash." "Arrow."
"Supergirl." "Batwoman."
and. of course.
"Legends of Tomorrow."
- Here are Brandon Routh
and Courtney Ford.
Come on out. kids.
Join us.
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
- Hello. everyone.
we are very honored
to be here this evening
to present the award
for Best Superhero Movie.
- And the winner
is "Superman Returns."
Thank you.
Good night. everybody.
- Nice try. babe.
but we talked about this.
- Right. well. it worth a shot.
- Okay.
In all honesty. we are
very happy to be here tonight
in person to present
the final award of the evening.
- Even though we weren't told.
as clearly everyone else was.
that we could
simply present from home
in the comfort
of our own jammies.
- I only shaved one leg.
- I won't tell anybody.
- Okay. thanks.
- This award
embodies everything
that the Super Awards
stand for.
- Fan favorite characters.
bold artistic choices.
and inspiring
original storytelling.
The winner
will take their place
in the long. rich history
of the Super Award.
- [clears throat]
This is the first year
they've had these awards.
- What?
- Yeah. so...
- Right.
So winning would be
really super historical
- Great save.
- Thanks.
- The nominees
for Best Superhero Movie are...
- Best Superhero
or Comic Book Movie...
"Birds of Prey."
[punchy jazz music]
♪ ♪
"Sonic the Hedgehog."
- Whoo-hoo!
This is my power.
and I'm using it
to protect my friends.
- ♪ Let's go ♪
- "Superman: Man of Tomorrow."
- You sure you're from Krypton?
- I'm from Kansas.
- "Secret Society
of Second-Born Royals."
- Oh. my God. I'm melting.
- That's your power.
invisibility.
- A-plus.
- Can I have my legs back now?
They're my second most
commented-on feature.
- You just lost your bottom.
- "The Old Guard."
[punchy music]
♪ ♪
- We're done.
- And the
critics' choice is...
"The Old Guard."
[dramatic music]
- Accepting
for "The Old Guard"
is director
Gina Prince-Bythewood.
- Thank you. Critics Choice.
for this incredibly dope honor.
I know "The Old Guard"
would love
to be with me right now.
but if you recall.
they're mostly immortal.
so still on lockdown.
But I am happy to accept.
I love this genre.
and the truth is
everybody deserves to see
themselves as a hero.
The fact that the world has
embraced Andy and Nile.
Joe and Nicky.
Booker. Quynh.
has been such
a beautiful thing.
Big shout-out to my
incredible ensemble of actors.
the dopest crew.
our producers.
Skydance.
Marc Evans.
Denver Delilah.
Netflix for taking
our heroes global.
and the brilliant mind
of Greg Rucka.
who created these incredible
characters and story.
We are here because of you.
Thank you.
- Congratulations
to all of tonight's winners.
and if you didn't win tonight.
rest assured
there's a parallel universe
somewhere out there
where you did win an award.
- Thank you all so much
for being a part
of the first-ever
Critics Choice Super Awards.
Good night.
- Good night. everybody!
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪